I know the rest of the world thinks that
everyone in California is laid back the
truth is we're all running around in
hundreds of directions at once well at
least I am hi my name is Meryl and one
of the things that's always on my to-do
list is getting dinner on the table by
six I try to make it an enjoyable
experience for everyone that means great
flavor fast one of my tricks that takes
me through the week is preparing top and
on basically it's puree or paste of
California ripe olives that can add a
serious hit of flavor to tons of
different dishes okay so you're ready to
hear the secret this is how it goes my
basic tapenade starts with a can of
California ripe olives I've already
drained the liquid from this can then I
add some olive oil it's about 2 to 3
tablespoons I'm going to mince up some
garlic this is about two to three
teaspoons and a little lemon juice and
then I'm going to pulse a blender will
work too but if you don't have either
don't worry about you could do it right
here on your chopping board but it will
take a little bit longer now I've got
this great building block already taste
delicious but I like to give it an extra
special flavor angle by adding herbs
spices and other key ingredients today
I'm going to play up a Mediterranean
flavor I'm going to add a half cup of
artichoke hearts I have some basil which
I'm going to chalk up you'll notice I'm
not chopping to finally because
everything goes into the food processor
so it gets chopped up further in there I
have about a tablespoon of capers that's
going to go right in the mix I'm also
going to put a little bit of orange zest
in there I just drag the zester over the
orange just get that nice outer peel and
that's just about a teaspoon of orange
zest I'll give it a little bit of salt
and pepper it doesn't need too much if I
want more of a French flavor system I'd
add some rosemary thyme lemon zest or I
could go with an Italian system of
oregano and
some anchovies and maybe a little red
pepper flakes to add a little spice but
you do what you want play a little
sometimes you just want to scrape around
the bowl just to make sure that it's
nice and evenly chopped now I have this
in my fridge good to go the whole week
or as long as it lasts hey there's got
to be something in it for me right
you